hi America
doc not here and I just wanted to take
some time to tell you about Aykroyd
played in our city of Gotham occupiers
with hundreds upon hundreds of serious
crimes love document these though life
turns are bleeding the hard-working
citizens of this country try well raping
some of them in the process it sucks it
really really sucks dude scum buckets
have make the wealthy 1% how to be
horrible people exploiting Tim given to
the 99% and not paying their fair share
okay so let's take that narrative and
use a no Bruce Wayne as an example if
only for the fact that he's the
wealthiest man in Gotham and no other
reason occupiers be hatin Sandi's part
of the horrible wealthiest 1% when in
reality what enterprises employs
hundreds of thousands of people across
this great country Bruce Wayne pays
nearly half his income in taxes gives a
ton to charity as an in fact totally
super cool and awesome matter of fact
let's look at how much people at Bruce
Wayne actually pay in taxes okay it's
not just didn't kill our mother that's
hard to get her wowie
looks like a job 1% of earners pay
nearly 40% of all federal income taxes
with the top ten percent paying over 70
percent overall on the flip side the
bottom 50 percent of earners account for
less than total 3 percent of federal
income tax with 47% of Americans paying
nothing at all if we taxed on the
millionaires and billionaires in this
country let Bruce Wayne and a hundred
percent it still wouldn't be anywhere
near what you need to pay off the
national debt
sounds to me like you need to occupy
some research but more importantly I
want to talk about the real villain
behind the mask big pharma big oil big
corporations are nothing compared to the
power of big unions in this country with
15 of the top 20 political donors of all
time being rounded out by big union
organizations they buy and sell more
politicians in this city than anyone on
the planet big unions have been after
your pal Batman for years because I
don't play by the bureaucratic rules I
get done son I guess you could say that
big unions really are the pain of my
existence
suggest folks while I fight crime with
my super cool tool belt the most
important tool is information so go out
there take it to those occupiers fight
your fight and try not to get raped in
the process
[Music]